docs(split): fix deployment documentation for missing command (#1183)
aneoconsulting/ArmoniK: .docs/content/1.installation/1.linux/1.installation.md

You can also deploy each resource independently:

After setting the environment variables, the command creates a Kubernetes namespace:

```bash [shell]
make create-namespace
```

::alert{type="danger"}

> If you don't create a Kubernetes namespace, the deployment will failed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not create a Kubernetes namespace, the deployment will fail.
```

::

> Now, you have the ability to deploy each resource independently :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you can deploy each resource independently :
```
